Run plates 3 and 3prime (#10)
WayScience/nf1_cellpainting_data: 1.cellprofiler_ic/README.md

# move to the 1.cellprofiler_ic directory to access the `sh` script
cd 1.cellprofiler_ic
# run the notebook as a python script

> source nf1_ic.sh

Reviewer: for my learning what is the difference between source and bash?

Author: https://superuser.com/questions/176783/what-is-the-difference-between-executing-a-bash-script-vs-sourcing-it

I found the above link describing what source does, which is execute the python file in the current shell and does not create a new one. I only changed to this due to errors with trying to run `bash _.sh` on my Mac which makes sense as Mac runs zsh. I wanted to make the line of code reproducible for any OS. 

What I might change to instead, as seen in the link above, is to change to `./_sh` syntax as I think running in a new shell is safer.

Update: This syntax causes permission issues so I will stick with `source`.

Author: @d33bs Do you happen to know any unseen issues with using `source` to execute a sh file?

Reviewer 2: There could be issues but I don't feel concerned in this instance. There are a lot of different ways one can configure their terminal environment; using `source` into the current shell could mean one runs into personal terminal / development issues (environment variables, settings, other system configurations, etc). 

To get around permission issues specifically, you could issue `chmod +x <filename>`, which may allow you to execute the file without specifying the shell type or sourcing it into the current shell. This seems like it might allow for the script to run on MacOS (zsh) and other bash-based OS's terminals. It's also possible to install and use [`bash` through `brew`](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/bash) on Macs.

Generally, if executing shell script as part of the project, I'd wonder what environment the shell should execute in (what OS, which shell, etc). This gets into more challenging spaces for reproducibility and I only bring this up to provoke thoughts.

```

> For four plates, it took about 2 hours to calculate and save illumination corrected images on a computer using Pop_OS! 22.04 LTS with an AMD Ryzen 7 3700X 8-Core Processor.

Reviewer 2: Would a general note about preprocessing apply here (if other methods are used)? Feel free to ignore if it's better as-is.
```suggestion
For four plates, it took about 2 hours to preprocess images and calculate results on a computer using Pop_OS! 22.04 LTS with an AMD Ryzen 7 3700X 8-Core Processor.
```

Author: I will add `apply` to this statement but I will keep it as is since it explicitly states what is happening.
